c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe.config
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.g.resources
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.exe
c:\users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
C:\Users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Resource1.resources
C:\Users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Main.g.cs
C:\Users\09358\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Main.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.exe
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe.config
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.g.resources
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Resource1.resources
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe.config
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.exe
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorDialog.baml
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.g.resources
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Resource1.resources
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Login.baml
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Register.g.cs
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Register.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorDialog.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Login.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorDialog.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Register.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Login.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Register.baml
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Settings.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Settings.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Settings.baml
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Synchronization.g.cs
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Synchronization.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Synchronization.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Synchronization.baml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe.config
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.exe
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorDialog.baml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Login.g.cs
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorDialog.g.cs
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Register.g.cs
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Settings.g.cs
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Synchronization.g.cs
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Login.baml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Register.baml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Settings.baml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Synchronization.baml
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.g.resources
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Resource1.resources
D:\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\09358\Desktop\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\HtmlParser.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorDialog.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Login.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorDialog.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Register.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Settings.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Synchronization.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.exe
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe.config
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.exe
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\AutoLot.pdb
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\HtmlParser.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Login.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Register.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Settings.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\Views\Synchronization.baml
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.g.resources
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.Resource1.resources
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Works\EXAMINATIONS\AutoLot\AutoLot\AutoLot\obj\Debug\AutoLot.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
